Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain
a mystery and thriller film called “Run."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A single mother named Diane Sherman gives
birth prematurely to a daughter named Chloe.
Due to Chloe’s condition, she is stuck temporarily
in an incubator. Diane cries as she helplessly
watches her poor daughter. Several years later,
at the age of 17, Chloe suffers from arrhythmia,
hemochromatosis, diabetes, and paralysis. Because
of her state, she’s bound to a wheelchair and is
forced to take medications every day. Despite her
daughter’s conditions, Diane does her best to make
their home comfortable for them. She monitors her
health strictly and is in charge of her education.
She also grows their own vegetables that she
serves to her daughter. Chloe grows up with
a consistent routine and looks forward to
reading her university acceptance letters.
However, her mother insists on not handing the
mail to her. But despite her stuck condition,
Chloe becomes highly skilled in technology
and engineering, her favorite being robotics.
One day, after attempting to secure
chocolates behind her mother’s back, Chloe sees a
pack of green capsules prescribed to her mother.
She finds this suspicious because she knows that
the medicine is meant for her. That night, Diane
gives her the pill. Chloe asks Diane why her name
is on it instead of hers, but she tells her that
it's part of the receipt. Chloe is unconvinced,
but she drinks the medicine anyway despite hints
of suspicions. The following day, she refuses to
take the medicine and checks for its contents.
Questions arise in her mind whether or not
the medication is helpful for her condition.
She uses one of her inventions to reach for
the bottle in the medicine cabinet. When her
mom leaves, she examines the bottle, which is
labeled as Trigoxin. She checks the bottle and
finds a pharmacy label with her name covering
Diane’s. When Diane lets her drink the capsule,
she spits it out after her mom leaves.
Eager to know more about the capsule, she
sneaks out of her room to look up Trigoxin.
However, their internet connection is not
working, so she is left clueless. She feels
frustration and a sense of entrapment, but she is
left with no choice but to endure Diane’s rules.
The following morning, Chloe finds a chance
to use the telephone in her mom’s bedroom.
She dials a random number while her mom is busy
gardening, and a stranger answers the phone.
She asks the guy to look up the medication for
her after explaining that it is an emergency.
At first, the guy refuses to help her, but after
some desperate convincing, he obliges her request.
The guy googles Trigoxin and reads that it
is a medication for severe heart conditions,
but Chloe wants to know more. To ensure that it
is the green capsule, Chloe asks the guy to look
at the google images and tell her the color of
Trigoxin capsules. To her surprise, the guy says
that all Trigoxin capsules are red. Chloe’s doubts
grow more and more as she confirms that the green
capsule is not what her mom says it is.
Chloe comes up with a plan to
know more about the green capsule;
she knows that the plan is a gamble, so
she must find every opportunity she can.
Chloe asks Diane if they could go and watch
a movie in the cinema, and her mom agrees.
As part of her plan, she brings samples of the
medicine hidden in her piggy bank. In the middle
of the movie, she tells Diane that she needs to
go to the bathroom; her mother offers assistance,
but she says that it will be fine. Finally,
answers about the medicine are within reach
as she makes her way to the local pharmacy without
Diane knowing. She rushes inside and sees a long
queue of customers. She uses her disability to
her advantage and skips the long line. Mrs. Bates,
the pharmacist, is surprised to see Chloe without
Diane after years of strict supervision of Chloe.
She hands Mrs. Bates the green capsule and asks
her to look up its name under her mom’s recent
purchases. However, Mrs. Bates refuses to disclose
any information because the buyer is her mother,
and they follow a strict confidentiality protocol.
Chloe thinks of making Mrs. Bates give her the
info and observes the counter, where she sees a
family picture with her family in a breakout room.
She lies and tells that she and Diane are playing
a game, and the next clue is about the medicine.
Mrs. Bates gets a bit giddy and eventually
reveals that the green medication is a
relaxant called Lidocaine for dogs. After
hearing this, Chloe starts to hyperventilate,
realizing that she has been tricked into
drinking medicine for dogs all these years.
She shakingly asks the pharmacist what
would happen if a human took the medication.
Mrs. Bates tells her that a person’s legs could go
numb. At that moment, Diane enters the store and
rushes to Chloe, who is now having an asthma
attack after hearing about the side effects.
She asks the other customers to step aside
from them, as her daughter needs more air.
Diane sedates Chloe, which makes
her unconscious without being seen.
Back at home, Diane realizes that Chloe
is beginning to doubt her, making her cope with
a way to make the situation better. To control
the issue, she calls Mrs. Bates to apologize for
the commotion earlier. She informs the pharmacist
that Chloe’s new medications caused her to act
and behave out of control. Diane brainstorms
ways to cover the fact that she has been giving
her daughter medication for dogs. Running out
of options, Diane looks up household neurotoxins
as an alternative. She is becoming more unstable
and anxious by the fact that her daughter might
despise her. Chloe wakes up the following morning,
realizing that she has slept through the day. She
gets up and finds out that Diane has locked her
inside her room. She calls for Diane, but she
does not answer as she runs an errand outside.
Chloe tries to look for something in the room
that she could use to pick the lock. This is
ineffective as the door is also locked with a
rake from the outside, which is behind Diane’s
obsession with keeping her daughter inside. Chloe
begins to worry about her safety and thinks of
a way out. Odds are certainly not in her favor,
given that all her life, Diane has assisted her.
When she notices that Diane’s car isn’t parked in
the driveway, she comes up with a plan. She uses
multiple extension wires to plug the soldering
iron as she stores some water in her mouth.
She makes her way to the window of her mom’s
bedroom through her window. Chloe struggles to
drag herself across the roof because of immobility
in her legs, but she manages to reach the window.
She uses the soldering iron to crack the window,
and she spits the water out so the window would
break instantly. She safely gets inside but
starts to feel an asthma attack, so she rushes
for her inhaler as she gasps for air. Once she
feels better, she tries to get on the ramp to go
downstairs, but Diane has cut the wires, again, to
keep her from going out. Without a choice, Chloe
throws her wheelchair down the stairs, causing
her to fall accidentally. Lying on the floor,
she realizes that she can move her foot, which
results from skipping the green capsules.
The sight of it gives her a sense of hope and
a stronger will to fight back. She is more
determined than ever to get up and escape; she
steps outside the house and rolls her wheelchair
along the road. She hears a vehicle approaching
and hides, thinking that it may be her mother.
Luckily, she sees the mail truck and rushes to
stop it, almost hurting herself in the process.
Tom, the mailman, is relieved to find that he
did not run her over. Chloe tells him about her
situation, and he decides to help her. As she
is about to enter the truck, both of them see
Diane’s car approaching, so they step back. Diane
spots them and rushes to the mail truck as well.
She asks Tom if her daughter is hurt, but he stops
her from going near Chloe. Diane gets more frantic
and agitated towards Tom. She explains that the
medication is messing up Chloe’s way of thinking,
but Tom remains unconvinced. According to him,
Chloe looks “really bad.” Tom tells Diane he
can't let her take Chloe. Both of them agree
that Tom will take Chloe to the hospital while
she follows them in her car. Chloe tells him she
wants to go to the police instead of the hospital.
However, while he is closing up the van to take
Chloe to the police station for assistance,
Diane stabs him with a sedative syringe.
Chloe’s sense of safety has faded once again.
She is certain that this time, things are going to
get worse. She starts to panic again, as she knows
that she will end up in Diane’s care.
Back in the house, Chloe wakes up and finds
out that she is trapped inside the basement,
with her wheelchair chained. Diane uses this room
to mix medications and other substances that she
gives Chloe. As Chloe observes the room, she
discovers all the mail that was meant for her.
She unravels a document that shows her college
acceptance letter, making her feel more betrayed
than ever. All she ever wanted was to make a
life of her own despite being limited physically.
Her freedom and future are taken away from her
by the person she trusted the most. Meanwhile,
Diane drags Tom’s body across the house to get
rid of it and hide any signs of evidence. Back
in the room, Chloe comes across a box of photos
of her as a child where she sees a picture of her,
perfectly healthy and able to walk. Chloe realizes
that her disability is orchestrated by Diane,
who gave her insane amounts of medication that
messed with her health. Digging for more evidence,
she comes across a death certificate of a girl
named Chloe, who died two hours after her birth.
She then sees an article about a couple who
had their baby stolen in a hospital seventeen
years ago. It is revealed that Diane’s real
daughter has died because of premature birth,
and she stole Chloe as a baby from her original
parents, then claimed her as her own since then.
Chloe cries helplessly after knowing the truth
about her identity and how her life could have
been.
Diane enters the basement and sees
that Chloe has opened the box.
She defends herself and insists that she
is Chloe’s real mom. According to her,
she saved Chloe from her parents. Chloe then
questions Diane if she was ever really sick and
accuses her of poisoning her. Diane's obsession
with having a child has taken her too far. She
tries to make a deal with Chloe to start all over
again and forget about everything that happened.
Diane insists that everything she ever did was
protect Chloe while filling a syringe with paint
thinner to make her forget. Chloe crawls to
a small room and locks herself inside just
before Diane could reach her. She sees a bottle
of organophosphate, which is a lethal substance.
Chloe realizes that Diane needs her more, so
she drinks it. Afraid that she might lose her
“daughter," Diane rushes Chloe to the hospital
in hopes of saving her. Doctors try to save her,
and they are successful despite her being
on the brink of death. Chloe wakes up in the
hospital but is unable to move or even speak.
Her condition just became worse. The doctors
inform Diane that she could not take Chloe home
unless she gets consultation from a psychiatrist.
She is considered a high-risk patient
because of her attempt to take her own life.
Diane watches Chloe from the window, making Chloe
cry in fear that she might be trapped again.
She manages to press the button and signal
the nurse that she wants to write something.
The nurse brings her a paper and a crayon so they
could communicate. Before the nurse could read her
message, a code blue is called, making the nurse
rush out. Diane takes advantage of the situation
and sneaks to Chloe’s room to take her home. She
manages to bring her downstairs and apologizes to
Chloe for scaring her.
The nurse returns to Chloe’s room and finds her
missing. She looks at the paper with “mom” written
on it. Security informs the whole hospital to
track Diane and Chloe. Diane rushes even more
but realizes that there is no way for her to
run back to the car as the escalator is broken,
and she cannot use the stairs. She tries to go to
another exit, but Chloe moves her feet to stop the
wheelchair. When Diane confronts her, Chloe is
able to mutter the words “I do not need you.”
The police show up and command Diane to put her
gun down. She refuses to do so and gets shot
in the shoulder. It causes her to fall down the
stairs and gain serious injuries. Chloe looks at
Diane from above, realizing that she is now safe.
Seven years later, Chloe visits a correctional
facility. She still uses a wheelchair but has
partial control of her legs, so she uses a cane to
go through the metal detector. She wheels into an
infirmary and begins talking about her husband,
kids, and her job. A good life came after her
unfortunate fate in the hands of Diane. The sick
and paralyzed Diane listens to her stories about
how great her life is. She is immobile and unable
to react to anything. After some moments, Chloe
spits the green capsules out of her mouth; she
tells Diane that she loves her before commanding
her to open her mouth and take the capsules. This
is Chloe’s ultimate and bitter revenge. Now that
she has control over her life, the situation
has turned upside down and in her favor.